(5): Ooh~ l'll make a YouTube exposé video on you~ ||l'm kidding.||
(6): l've talked to K again, and even they said that l (under an alias) know you better than they do. 
  Funny how you left the only person who truly cares for you.
(7): l know you have no intention to return to me, but l have no intention to let you go either.
  You're the first person to show me what a friend is, and the first to become a true friend of mine.
  Do you think l'd want to let you go so easily?
  Time may heal all wounds, but memories of the pain shall remain as long as l live.
  But now l wonder: if you had enjoyed your time with me, even going so far to say that l made you rethink your friendship with others, then why did you find it so easy to leave me just as you did others?
  Do you say such things to everyone? (Not that l'll judge.)
  Right, you'd tell me to put more of my emotions into this, even though you wouldn't care by this point.
  l wouldn't've done it if it weren't for decorum, so here it goes.
  The past few days without you have been boring and unsatisfying, since you're the one of the few people who l find both easy to read and write to.
  Otherwise, there hasn't been nothing notable, due to the lack of communication with you (thus far); online things do not affect me so much, that's why l usually prefer real-life things.
  Ideally l would've been more distraught over this, for the sake of your enjoyment, but l'm not; l know you like knowing how important you are to other people.
  You are still important to me, just not in the way you like it.
  You told me so much about logic guiding emotions on, yet it seems that l do it better than you do.
  Irony; hypocrisy, isn't it?
  l've never told you my stance on hypocrisy, now.
  It is inevitable, but something to be minimized within oneself nonetheless; for the sake of not tangling your values up: personal, external, or for each of your outward-facing persona.
  Hurts when you eventually get caught up in it all.
  l do wonder how well you're getting over the K ordeal; decently well, l'd hope.
  What will you do, now?
  Since you wanted to sever all threads, will you start a new identity online? 
  It'd be pretty easy to do, so why not?
  Writing that out made it sound like that you had liked Ryōshū so much that you decided to LARP as her.
