(8): The newest message will be on Discord, while older ones will be archived; so you don't have to click the link to read them.
	l wonder if you miss me, l'd wager you don't; at least that's what you'd want to say. 
	Viny has told me that you had responded to her, so why not me? 
	Are you trying to make me jealous? 
	And l wonder if you're the type to avoid those you admire, whether it be out of fear that they outshine your own presence in the eyes of others, or that you feel overwhelmed by their presence. 
	Of course that hypothetical figure is not meant to be me, but l've had similar experiences before. 
	Please do come and prove any of my conjectures wrong, l'll always welcome your responses.
	Perhaps you've started to talk with other people again, starting the cycle anew. 
	What kinds of people have you met this time? 
	Are any of them able to perforate through the coldness?
	It's not something you can get through yourself, you know; and l know you'll try to prove me wrong again, but you won't be able to prove yourself right either. 
	As this cycle goes, you'll soon find someone else who catches your eye; l don't mind if you have already replaced me, l just want a response from you, someday.

(9): It has been a while since l had felt this. 
	Previously l would simply text with you to ward off this feeling, but now l can't. 
	And it's not like l know of any other ways to dispel it, apparently it has to be you. 
	Attachment, what a scary phenomenon. 
	l had unknowingly allowed you to become important to me. 
	You knew this too, yet you chose to leave, a decision which had hurt both of us. 
	l can spend my days without you, but l'd much rather have you here; just knowing that l have someone to trust come back to will make me feel better. 
	Why does it have to be you? Why does it have to be someone who's so willing to isolate themself? 

(10): If you are really going to leave me forever...
	Please at least promise me one thing:
	Please treat whoever the next person you deem important well.
	Don't hurt them like you did with me or the others.
	Does this do you any good at all?
	Even you know how this feels at this point.
	Now that you know, please don't do this anymore.
	To hurt others is to hurt yourself, in the end.
	There are exceptions, but you'll never be one of them.